feat: updated pipeline to publish image to docker container (#23)
mia-platform/crud-service: README.md

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for further details about the process for submitting pull requests.

## Disclaimer

### Usage of MongoDB Data Encryption

The CRUD Service can be used along with the [MongoDB Data Encryption](https://www.mongodb.com/basics/mongodb-encryption) functionality, and the images available includes the libraries to use this feature.

> However, the MongoDB Data Encryption should be used along with [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/database) or [MongoDB Enterprise Advanced](https://www.mongodb.com/products/mongodb-enterprise-advanced). When you use the CRUD Service, for personal projects or commercial applications, you are aware of that and you will comply with [MongoDB terms of use](https://www.mongodb.com/legal/terms-of-use).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the MongoDB Data Encryption should be used along with [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/database) or [MongoDB Enterprise Advanced](https://www.mongodb.com/products/mongodb-enterprise-advanced). When you use the CRUD Service, for personal projects or commercial applications, you should be aware of that and you will have to comply with [MongoDB terms of use](https://www.mongodb.com/legal/terms-of-use) accordingly.
```
What do you think about this form?

Author: I like it more, yeah. I'm going to commit the suggestion as it is.
